Rosa HCP Entra ID external authentication (#612)
rh-mobb/documentation: content/rosa/external-auth/index.md

  - Michael McNeill
---

You can set up Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA) with hosted control planes (HCP) to use an external OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity provider for authentication instead of the built-in OpenShift OAuth server. While the built-in OAuth server supports various identity providers, its capabilities are limited. By integrating external OIDC identity providers directly with ROSA with HCP, you can enable machine-to-machine workflows, like CLI access, and gain features unavailable with the built-in OAuth server.

This document will guide you through setting up an external authentication identity provider.

**Important Note**: You must create your rosa cluster with external authentication enabled.  You cannot convert an existing ROSA cluster to one using external authentication.

## Prerequisites
* ROSA HCP Cluster with external authentication enabled.Reference [document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rosa/latest/userguide/getting-started-hcp.html)
* [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html)
* [Openshift CLI](https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/clients/ocp/)

## Deploy a ROSA HCP cluster with External Authentication

> A new ROSA HCP cluster must be created to enable the integration of an external authentication provider. Previously deployed clusters cannot be upgraded or transitioned to support the external authentication provider capability. The --external-auth-providers-enabled flag of the rosa create cluster command is used to enable this feature. See command below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new ROSA HCP cluster with external authentication enabled, ensure that you add the `--external-auth-providers-enabled` flag to your `rosa create cluster` command. An example command is included below:
```

```bash
rosa create cluster --hosted-cp --subnet-ids=${SUBNET_IDS} \
   --oidc-config-id=$OIDC_ID --cluster-name=${ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME} \
   --operator-roles-prefix=${OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX} \

>    --external-auth-providers-enabled

Reviewer: Where are these variables coming from?

Author: changed command

```

Once the ROSA HCP cluster has been created successfully, confirm support for External Authentication has been enabled by executing the following command:

```bash

> rosa describe cluster -c ${ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME} -o json | jq -r '.external_auth_config.enabled'

Reviewer: `jq` is not listed as a prerequisite.

Author: added jq to preq

```

A response of “true” from the preceding command indicates that external authentication provider support is enabled.

## Adding an External Authentication Provider

Once a ROSA cluster has been created, the next step is to add an External Authentication Provider which will configure the cluster to accept the provider generated OIDC tokens.  

### Required settings to create an external authentication provider

| <b>Flag    | Description<b>  | 
| :--------- | :---------------------------|

> | --cluster | Name of the ROSA cluster | 
> | --name | Name to associate with the External Authentication Provider
> | --issuer-url | URL of the External Authentication Provider |  
> | --issuer-audiences | Comma separated list of OIDC token audience values | 
> | --claim-mapping-username-claim | Claim within the OIDC token containing the username | 
> | --claim-mapping-groups-claim | Claim within the OIDC token containing group membership | 
> | --console-client-id | OAuth Client ID to associate with the OpenShift Web Console | 
> | --console-client-secret | OAuth Client Secret to associate with the OpenShift Web Console. This option is not required, however is recommended |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--cluster` | Name of the ROSA cluster | 
| `--name` | Name to associate with the External Authentication Provider
| `--issuer-url` | URL of the External Authentication Provider |  
| `--issuer-audiences` | Comma separated list of OIDC token audience values | 
| `--claim-mapping-username-claim` | Claim within the OIDC token containing the username | 
| `--claim-mapping-groups-claim` | Claim within the OIDC token containing group membership | 
| `--console-client-id` | OAuth Client ID to associate with the OpenShift Web Console | 
| `--console-client-secret` | OAuth Client Secret to associate with the OpenShift Web Console. This option is not required, however is recommended |  
```

> | --console-client-secret | OAuth Client Secret to associate with the OpenShift Web Console. This option is not required, however is recommended |  

Reviewer: How is a client secret not required?

Retrieve the OpenShift Authentication call back URL.  Save the output of this value, you will need it later.

```bash
echo $(rosa describe cluster --cluster $ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME -o json | jq -r '.console.url')/auth/callback
```

Example output:

```

> https://console-openshift-console.apps.rosa.kmc-external.ya62.p3.openshiftapps.com/auth/callback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://console-openshift-console.apps.rosa.domain-prefix.ab12.p3.openshiftapps.com/auth/callback
```

```

> ### Microsoft Entra Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure Microsoft Entra ID
```

> #### 1. Register a new application in Azure Entra ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. Register a new application in Microsoft Entra ID
```

> You need to create the Azure AD application itself. To do so, login to the Azure portal, and navigate to [App registrations blade](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_AAD_RegisteredApps/ApplicationsListBlade), then click on "New registration" to create a new application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a Microsoft Entra ID app registration. To do so, login to the Azure portal, and navigate to the [App registrations blade](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_AAD_RegisteredApps/ApplicationsListBlade), then click on "New registration" to create a new application.
```

![Azure Portal - Register an application page](./images/azure-portal_register-an-application-page.png)

Then, click on the "Certificates & secrets" sub-blade and select "New client secret". Fill in the details request and make note of the generated client secret value, as you'll use it in a later step. You won't be able to retrieve it again.

![Azure Portal - Certificates & secrets page](./images/azure-portal_certificates-secrets-page.png)
![Azure Portal - Add a Client Secret page](./images/azure-portal_add-a-client-secret-page.png)
![Azure Portal - Copy Client Secret page](./images/azure-portal_copy-client-secret-page.png)

Then, click on the "Overview" sub-blade and make note of the "Application (client) ID" and "Directory (tenant) ID". You'll need those values in a later step as well.
![Azure Portal - AD Overview page](./images/azure-portal_register-an-application-overview.png)

#### 2. Configure optional claims

> In order to provide OpenShift with enough information about the user to create their account, we will configure Azure AD to provide two optional claims, specifically "email" and "preferred_username" when a user logs in. For more information on optional claims in Azure AD, see [the Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-optional-claims).

Reviewer: We cannot use `preferred_username` and should remove that until the product is able to support this.

> In order to provide OpenShift with enough information about the user to create their account, we will configure Azure AD to provide two optional claims, specifically "email" and "preferred_username" when a user logs in. For more information on optional claims in Azure AD, see [the Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-optional-claims).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provide OpenShift with enough information to identify the user, we will configure Microsoft Entra ID to provide an `email` optional claim when a user logs in. For more information on optional claims, see [the Microsoft documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/optional-claims).
```

Click on the "Token configuration" sub-blade and select the "Add optional claim" button.

![Azure Portal - Add Optional Claims Page](./images/azure-portal_optional-claims-page.png)

> Select ID then check the "email" and "preferred_username" claims and click the "Add" button to configure them for your Azure AD application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select ID then check the `email` claim and click the "Add" button to configure them for your Microsoft Entra ID application.
```

![Azure Portal - Add Optional Claims - Token Type](./images/azure-portal_add-optional-claims-page.png)
![Azure Portal - Add Optional Claims - email](./images/azure-portal_add-optional-email-claims-page.png)

> ![Azure Portal - Add Optional Claims - preferred_username](./images/azure-portal_add-optional-preferred_username-claims-page.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

When prompted, follow the prompt to enable the necessary Microsoft Graph permissions.

![Azure Portal - Add Optional Claims - Graph Permissions Prompt](./images/azure-portal_add-optional-claims-graph-permissions-prompt.png)

> Add group claims, make sure to select groups assigned to the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to allow effective management of permissions in OpenShift, we will configure Microsoft Entra ID to provide a `groups` claim when a user logs in. To do so, add a groups claim, make sure to select the "Groups assigned to the application" option.
```

![Azure Portal - Add Optional Claims - Graph Permissions Prompt](./images/azure-portal_add-optional-claims-group.png)

> At the time of this writing, the --claim-mapping-username-claim must be 'email' and the --claim-mapping-groups-claim will be 'groups'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently customers using Microsoft Entra ID for external authentication must set `--claim-mapping-username-claim` to `email` and `--claim-mapping-groups-claim` to `groups`.
```

![Azure Portal - Add Optional Claims - Graph Permissions Prompt](./images/azure-portal_add-optional-claims-token-config.png)

From the above example, these are variables we will use next.

| <b>Flag    | Description<b>  | 
| :--------- | :---------------------------|

> | --cluster | kmc-external | 
> | --name | kmc-external-auth
> | --issuer-url | https://login.microsoftonline.com/tenant_id_xxxxxx/v2.0 |  
> | --issuer-audiences | Application ID from Step 1 in Register a new application in Azure Entra ID | 
> | --claim-mapping-username-claim | email | 
> | --claim-mapping-groups-claim | groups | 
> | --console-client-id | Application ID from Step 1 in Register a new application in Azure Entra ID | 
> | --console-client-secret | Value from Step 1 in Register a new application in Azure AD |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--cluster` | cluster-name | 
| `--name` | Application name from Step 1 in "Register a new application in Microsoft Entra ID"
| `--issuer-url` | https://login.microsoftonline.com/<tenant-id>/v2.0 |  
| `--issuer-audiences` | Application ID from Step 1 in "Register a new application in Microsoft Entra ID" | 
| `--claim-mapping-username-claim` | email | 
| `--claim-mapping-groups-claim` | groups | 
| `--console-client-id` | Application ID from Step 1 in "Register a new application in Microsoft Entra ID" | 
| `--console-client-secret` | Client Secret Value ID from Step 1 in "Register a new application in Microsoft Entra ID" |
```

> ### Set Environment Variables (values from entraid application)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prepare Environment Variables
```

> ```bash
> IDP_NAME=hcp-extauth
> CLIENT_ID=<application_id>
> CLIENT_SECRET=<client_secret_value>
> TENANT_ID=<tenant_id>
> API_URL=$(rosa describe cluster --cluster $ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME -o json | jq -r '.api.url')
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```bash
IDP_NAME=<entra-application-name>
CLIENT_ID=<entra-application-id>
CLIENT_SECRET=<entra-client_secret_value>
TENANT_ID=<entra-tenant_id>
ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME=<cluster-name>
API_URL=$(rosa describe cluster --cluster ${ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME} -o json | jq -r '.api.url')
```
```

### Create the ROSA External Auth Provider

```bash

> rosa create external-auth-provider --cluster=${ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME} --name=${IDP_NAME} --issuer-url=https://login.microsofton
> line.com/${TENANT_ID}/v2.0 --issuer-audiences=${CLIENT_ID} --claim-mapping-username-claim=email --claim-mapping-groups-claim=groups   --console-client-id=${CLIENT_ID} --console-client-secret=${CLIENT_SECRET}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rosa create external-auth-provider --cluster=${ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME} --name=${IDP_NAME} --issuer-url=https://login.microsoftonline.com/${TENANT_ID}/v2.0 --issuer-audiences=${CLIENT_ID} --claim-mapping-username-claim=email --claim-mapping-groups-claim=groups  --console-client-id=${CLIENT_ID} --console-client-secret=${CLIENT_SECRET}
```

```

> Once the External Authentication Provider has been created, it will take several minutes for the provider to become active on the ROSA cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the External Authentication Provider has been created, it will take several minutes for the provider to become active on the ROSA cluster.
```

> ### Verify External Auth Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Verify the external authentication configuration
```

> To verify your external authentication provider, run one of the following options:
> 
> List the external authentication configuration on a specified cluster with the following command:
> 
> ```bash
> rosa list external-auth-provider -c ${ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME}
> ```
> 
> Display the external authentication configuration on a specified cluster by using the following command:
> 
> ```bash
> rosa describe external-auth-provider -c ${ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME} --name ${IDP_NAME}
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify your external authentication provider, run the following command:

```bash
rosa describe external-auth-provider -c ${ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME} --name ${IDP_NAME}
```
```

> ### Creating a Break Glass Credential to Access the ROSA Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a break glass credential to access the ROSA cluster
```

> One of the key differences between a standard ROSA cluster and a cluster with External Authentication Provider support enabled is that there is no administrator account. Instead, a temporary (break glass) credential, in the form of a kubeconfig file, with cluster-admin privileges can be generated and used to access the ROSA cluster. Credentials are only valid for a maximum of 24 hours with the purpose of enabling tasks to be completed in order to prepare or rectify a cluster for normal operation when integrated with an External Authentication Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the key differences between a cluster which has external authentication enabled and a cluster that doesn't is that there is no internal OAuth server to act as a separate identity provider. This means that there cannot be a standalone or pre-created cluster-admin account.  Instead, a temporary kubeconfig with cluster-admin privileges, which we refer to as a break glass credential, can be generated and used to access the ROSA cluster. Credentials are only valid for a maximum of 24 hours and are intended only to provide temporary elevated permissions into the cluster.
```

> Create a new break glass credential by executing the following command:

Reviewer: We should explain why we are creating a breakglass credential (to configure our cluster role binding)

Author: added explanation

. 

```bash
rosa create break-glass-credential -c ${ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME} --username=breakglass
```

> example output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your output will look something like this:
```

```bash

> I: Successfully created a break glass credential for cluster 'kmc-external'.
> I: To retrieve only the kubeconfig for this credential use: 'rosa describe break-glass-credential 2ggnt7sj65ip1fm8vhs0b5tg2slas4iq -c kmc-external --kubeconfig'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I: Successfully created a break glass credential for cluster 'cluster-name'.
I: To retrieve only the kubeconfig for this credential use: 'rosa describe break-glass-credential abcdefg123456789 -c cluster-name --kubeconfig'
```

```

> Save the kubeconfig file that will allow you to log into the cluster with the breakglass credentials just created.

Reviewer: We should add a validation step here because if you run this next command too quickly you will not have a kubeconfig.

Author: added a step to check if file is populated

```bash
rosa describe break-glass-credential <BREAK_GLASS_CREDENTIAL_ID> -c ${ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME} --kubeconfig > rosa-cluster.kubeconfig
```

Set the KUBECONFIG environment variable to the location of the rosa-cluster.kubeconfig file which will enable the OpenShift Command Line Interface to authenticate against the ROSA cluster with the contents of the file.. 

export KUBECONFIG=$(pwd)/rosa-cluster.kubeconfig

Confirm access with elevated privileges to the ROSA cluster by executing the following command:

```bash
oc get co
```

> example output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your output should look like this:
```

```

> Confirm access with elevated privileges to the ROSA cluster by executing the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Confirm you can access the cluster by running the following command:
```

> ```
> Confirm access with elevated privileges to the ROSA cluster by executing the following command:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

kube-storage-version-migrator              4.15.43   True        False         False      110m
monitoring                                 4.15.43   True        False         False      108m
network                                    4.15.43   True        False         False      117m
node-tuning                                4.15.43   True        False         False      111m
openshift-apiserver                        4.15.43   True        False         False      117m
openshift-controller-manager               4.15.43   True        False         False      117m
openshift-samples                          4.15.43   True        False         False      109m
operator-lifecycle-manager                 4.15.43   True        False         False      117m
operator-lifecycle-manager-catalog         4.15.43   True        False         False      117m
operator-lifecycle-manager-packageserver   4.15.43   True        False         False      117m
service-ca                                 4.15.43   True        False         False      110m
storage                                    4.15.43   True        False         False      111m
```

> ### Assign OpenShift RBAC Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Grant cluster-admin permissions to individual groups
```

> Once an External Authentication Provider has been added to the ROSA cluster and access has been enabled and confirmed by creating a break glass credential, the next task is to assign OpenShift RBAC policies so that identities that are registered within the External Authentication Provider. The policies which can be applied vary based on the desired configuration of the ROSA cluster. However, since the break glass credential is designed to be temporary and long term access should reside using credentials associated with the External Authentication Provider, the policies that should be created should enable productivity for cluster administrators and users.
> 
> A common policy in this use case is the creation of a policy to enable cluster-admin level access for one or more entities registered within the External Authorization Provider. When leveraging the RHBK reference implementation, create a ClusterRoleBinding resource to the cluster-admin ClusterRole to members of the rosa-admins group. Once the policy has been created, the rosa-admin user will be granted elevated privileges in the ROSA cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, OpenShift does not grant permissions to take any action inside of your cluster when a user first logs in. ROSA includes a significant number of preconfigured roles, including the `cluster-admin` role that grants full access and control over the cluster. The cluster does not automatically create `RoleBindings` and `ClusterRoleBindings` for the groups that are included in your access token; you are responsible for creating those bindings by using your own processes.

In this example, we will grant a group access to the `cluster-admin` role by creating a ClusterRoleBinding to the group ID.
```

> #### Azure Entra Group ID Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To retrieve the Azure Entra Group ID, search for Entra Group ID and copy the Object ID.

Reviewer: Not sure I understand what this means. Make sure to correct Azure Entra ID to Microsoft Entra ID.

Author: removed it

![Azure Portal - Get Group ID](./images/azure-portal_groups_id.png)

> Set the group id to an environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the group ID you retrieved above as an environment variable by running the following command:
```

```bash
GROUP_ID=<value from above>
```

> ### Assign the Azure Entegra Group to the Auth Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

In the Azure Portal, search for Enterprise Applications and then the external auth application you previously created.

![Azure Portal - All Applications](./images/azure-portal-all-applications.png)

Click on Assign users and groups
![Azure Portal - assign users](./images/azure-portal-assign-groups.png)

Click on Add user/group
![Azure Portal - Add Group](./images/azure-portal-add-group.png)

Select the group you want to add to openshift
![Azure Portal - Select Group](./images/azure-portal-select-group.png)

> #### Create a Cluster Role Binding for Admins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Next, we will assign the above group as admins to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we will create a `ClusterRoleBinding` that grants the members of the above group the ability to use the `cluster-admin` `ClusterRole`.
```

```bash
oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: rosa-admins
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: cluster-admin
subjects:
- apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: Group
  name: $GROUP_ID
EOF
```

### Validate External Authentication

> #### UI - OpenShift Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Validate using the OpenShift Web Console
```

> To validate you can log into the OpenShift console with your External Auth provider, first retrieve the OpenShift Console URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To validate you can log into the OpenShift console with Microsoft Entra ID, first retrieve the OpenShift Console URL by running the following command:
```

```bash
rosa describe cluster -c ${ROSA_CLUSTER_NAME} -o json | jq -r '.console.url'
```

Open this URL and your external authentication provider should open.

> ### Validate using cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Validate access to the cluster's API
```

Here we will be leveraging a client-go Credential Plugin to automate the interaction between the OpenShift Command Line Interface and the External Authentication Provider including the management of OIDC tokens.

OpenShift Command Line Interface, a [client-go Credential Plugin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/) is a separate binary that integrates with the OpenShift Command Line Interface to obtain credentials for authenticating against OpenShift clusters. The plugin used is dependent on the server side component for which an integration is needed.

The plugin must contain the name of the plugin prefixed with kubectl- and in a location that is accessible from the Operating System PATH. More information related to Kubernetes plugins can be found [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubectl/kubectl-plugins/).

> Once the plugin has been configured and is available, create a KUBECONFIG file here with EntraID details for example create **rosa-auth.kubeconfig** file with following information

Author: removed explanation and just kept instructions on installing plugin

      args:
      - oidc-login
      - get-token
      - --oidc-issuer-url=https://login.microsoftonline.com/${TENANT_ID}/v2.0
      - --oidc-client-id=${CLIENT_ID}
      - --oidc-client-secret=${CLIENT_SECRET}
      - --oidc-extra-scope=email
      - --oidc-extra-scope=openid
      command: kubectl
      env: null
      interactiveMode: Never
```
Set the KUBECONFIG environment variable to the location of the rosa-cluster.kubeconfig file which will enable the OpenShift Command Line Interface to authenticate against the ROSA cluster with the contents of the file.. 

To confirm that the identity details from the OIDC token is being used by the OpenShift Command Line Interface:

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=$(pwd)/rosa-auth.kubeconfig
```

Confirm access to cluster with elevated priviledges

```bash
oc get nodes
```
example output:

```bash
NAME                         STATUS   ROLES    AGE     VERSION
ip-10-0-0-170.ec2.internal   Ready    worker   3h29m   v1.30.7
ip-10-0-1-171.ec2.internal   Ready    worker   3h30m   v1.30.7
ip-10-0-2-161.ec2.internal   Ready    worker   3h29m   v1.30.7
```
To verify logged in as user of group run

```bash
oc auth whoami
```

> ### Validate using cli without browser 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Validate access to the cluster's API using device-code authentication 
```

Click on the "Authentication" on your Entra ID and Enable Public flows in Advanced section of the page

![Azure Portal - Enable Public flows Authentication Page](./images/azure-portal-allow-public-flows.png)

Create a KUBECONFIG file here with EntraID details for example create **rosa-auth-headless.kubeconfig** file with following information

```bash
apiVersion: v1
clusters:
- cluster:
    server: ${API_URL}
  name: cluster
contexts:
- context:
    cluster: cluster
    namespace: default
    user: oidc
  name: admin
current-context: admin
kind: Config
preferences: {}
users:
- name: oidc
  user:
    exec:
      apiVersion: client.authentication.k8s.io/v1
      args:
      - oidc-login
      - get-token
      - --oidc-issuer-url=https://login.microsoftonline.com/${TENANT_ID}/v2.0
      - --oidc-client-id=${CLIENT_ID}
      - --oidc-client-secret=${CLIENT_SECRET}
      - --oidc-extra-scope=email
      - --oidc-extra-scope=openid
      - --grant-type=device-code
      - --skip-open-browser

>       - --token-cache-storage=disk

Reviewer: This option should not be included unless the client machine does not have a keyring, it would be good to call this out separately.

Author: addeed a note at start of the section

      command: kubectl
      env: null
      interactiveMode: Never
```

> Set the KUBECONFIG environment variable to the location of the rosa-cluster.kubeconfig file which will enable the OpenShift Command Line Interface to authenticate against the ROSA cluster with the contents of the file.. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the KUBECONFIG environment variable to the location of the rosa-cluster.kubeconfig file which will enable the OpenShift CLI to authenticate against the ROSA cluster with the contents of the file.
```

To confirm that the identity details from the OIDC token is being used by the OpenShift Command Line Interface:

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=$(pwd)/rosa-auth-headless.kubeconfig
```

Confirm access to cluster

```bash
oc get nodes
```
example output:

```bash
Please enter the following code when asked in your browser: XXXXXXX
Please visit the following URL in your browser: https://microsoft.com/devicelogin

ATTRIBUTE   VALUE
Username    xxxxxx@redhat.com
Groups      [000000000000000000 system:authenticated]
NAME                         STATUS   ROLES    AGE     VERSION
ip-10-0-0-170.ec2.internal   Ready    worker   3h29m   v1.30.7
ip-10-0-1-171.ec2.internal   Ready    worker   3h30m   v1.30.7
ip-10-0-2-161.ec2.internal   Ready    worker   3h29m   v1.30.7
```
To verify logged in as user of group run

```bash
oc auth whoami
```
```bash
Please enter the following code when asked in your browser: XXXXXX
Please visit the following URL in your browser: https://microsoft.com/devicelogin
ATTRIBUTE   VALUE
Username    XXXXXXX@redhat.com
Groups      [0000000000000000 system:authenticated]
```

> ### Remove Breakglass Credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Revoke break glass credential
```

Upon completion of any activities that require elevated access to the ROSA cluster (such as the management of RBAC policies) using a break glass credential, all remnants of its use should be removed. Proper removal ensures that no unexpected actions are performed using these privileged credentials. 
There are two locations where the management of this credential should be performed:
ROSA Cluster
kubeconfig file

Delete the kubeconfig file
rm $KUBECONFIG

> A break glass credential can be removed from a ROSA cluster using the rosa revoke break-glass-credentials command. Execute the following command to revoke the break glass credential associated with a ROSA cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A break glass credential can be removed from a ROSA cluster using the `rosa revoke break-glass-credentials` command. Execute the following command to revoke the break glass credential associated with a ROSA cluster.
```

      - --oidc-client-id=${CLIENT_ID}
      - --oidc-client-secret=${CLIENT_SECRET}
      - --oidc-extra-scope=email
      - --oidc-extra-scope=openid
      - --grant-type=device-code
      - --skip-open-browser
      - --token-cache-storage=disk
      command: kubectl
      env: null
      interactiveMode: Never
```

To confirm that the identity details from the OIDC token is being used by the OpenShift Command Line Interface:

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=$(pwd)/rosa-auth-headless.kubeconfig
```

Confirm access to cluster

```bash
oc get nodes
```
example output:

```bash
Please enter the following code when asked in your browser: XXXXXXX
Please visit the following URL in your browser: https://microsoft.com/devicelogin

NAME                         STATUS   ROLES    AGE     VERSION
ip-10-0-0-170.ec2.internal   Ready    worker   3h29m   v1.30.7
ip-10-0-1-171.ec2.internal   Ready    worker   3h30m   v1.30.7
ip-10-0-2-161.ec2.internal   Ready    worker   3h29m   v1.30.7
```
To verify logged in as user of group run

```bash
oc auth whoami
```
example output:

```bash
ATTRIBUTE   VALUE
Username    XXXXXXX@redhat.com
Groups      [0000000000000000 system:authenticated]

> ```

Reviewer: This should not be in this article and should be published separtely.

Author: removed it and will create a new one
